DEPAC :a courpus for Depression and Anxiety Detection from speech
PDF- https://aclanthology.org/2022.clpsych-1.1/
VIDEO- (https://aclanthology.org/2022.clpsych-1.1.mp4)

linguistic features are 328 divied into 
                        300 Generic features and 28 task specific features  
Generic linguistic features (300)
    7 categories:
        1. Discourse Mapping(18)
        2. Local Coherence(15):- Ability to sustain attention and executive functions.
        3.Lexical complexity and richness(103)
        4.Syntatic complexity(143):- this can be used to predict symptoms of Depression.
        5. Utterance cohesion(1):- rate of verb tense used (past tense) is known to be changed in depression of an person.
        6. Sentiment(9):     emotional sate and speech are connected and sentiment score to predict Depressionand Anxiety.
        7. Word finding difficulty(11)
    -> Discourse Mapping::
        * graphical reprentation of disordered speech via distance graph or gragh based representation.
        * it is done by converting speech into small chuncks called canonical form of speech (lexemes) lexeme is one word or sevral words of a sentence which do not have any message or meaning individually.
    
        -> elements of speech graph measures:
            Nodes (N) = Number of elements in N;
            Edges (E) = Number of elements in E;
            Average Total Degree (ATD) = Mean ki = k in,i+k out,i, where the in-degree kin,i of the node i is defined as the number of edges pointing to i; its out-degree k out,i is defined as the number of edges departing from i;
            Largest Connected Component (LCC) = Total number of nodes comprising the largest sub-graph in which each node is connected to each other one through a path in the sub-graph; the measure applies to the undirected version of the graph;
            Largest Strongly Connected Component (LSC) = Total number of nodes comprising the largest sub-graph in which all nodes are mutually reachable, i.e., there is a path from node a to node b, and there is a path from node b to node a; the measure applies to the directed version of the graph;
            Parallel Edges (PE) = Total number of edges linking the same pair of nodes more than once;
            Loops with 1 Node (L1) = Trace of the adjacency matrix that represents the graph. Same as self-loops;
            Loops with 2 Nodes (L2) = Trace of the squared adjacency matrix;
            Loops with 3 Nodes (L3) = Trace of the cubed adjacency matrix;
            Waking Nodes (WN) = Total number of nodes used to talk about waking events;
            Waking Edges (WE) = Total number of edges used to talk about waking events.

        -> Global speech graph measures:
            Density (D) = E′/N2, with E′ = E - (L1+PE);
            Diameter (DI) = Length of the longest shortest path between the node pairs of a network;
            Average Shortest Path (ASP) = Average length of the shortest path between pairs of nodes of a network;


Task specific feeature (28)
    3 speech task categories:
        1. Phonemic fluency(2):-used to measures of individual performance at the phonemic fluency.
        2. picture  Description(25):-measures performanc at picture descrition task.
        3. Semantic Fluency(1):- performance ate the senamntic fluency task.

Acoustic Fearures (220)
    featrue set includes:
        spectral features:
                intensity
                MFCC 0-12
                ZRC
        Voicing-related features
                Fundamental frequency F0
                HNR
                SHIMMER 
                JITTER
                Durational features 
                pauses and fillers 
                phonation rate